Revive veggies that have lost their water by cutting their edges and soaking them in cold water. Lettuce, carrots, celery will be crisp again.

A quality set of scissors will save you so much hassle.

They should be able to disassemble at the hinge point for cleaning purposes.

If your food is bland even though you've added salt, then it's missing acidity. Lemon juice, lime juice, or vinegar are easy additions.

I use soy sauce in a lot of stews and soups to help bring out savory flavors. My minestrone, for instance, usually has some soy sauce in it.

Not mine, but my wife browns the butter before she adds it to chocolate chip cookie dough and they're the best freakin' cookies I've ever eaten!

Leaving a potholder on the handle of a cleaned cast iron pan to let anyone who might put it away know it may be hot as it cools down.

If a recipe says to sauté onions and garlic together at the same time, DON'T. Do the onions first, and then add the garlic when the onions are just about done. Garlic can be over-sautéed and it takes on a bitter flavor.

I dust flour on bacon first to prevent curling and it makes it extra crispy.

I replace a small amount of the milk in the pancake batter with heavy whipping cream to help make the batter wayyy more manageable when cooking/flipping. Also smoother end result.

Powdered buttermilk. I only recently found out about it but I have wasted so much buttermilk when all I needed was a bit.

Preheat your sheetpan at 425°F before adding your vegetables when roasting. Gives them a nicer sear, and cooks slightly faster.

Secondary tip on sheet pans, it's worth having a "clean" and a "seasoned" sheet pan for different uses. Clean for things like cookies, seasoned for savory applications.

I keep a shot glass in my microwave. If I’m cooking anything that requires moisture (reheating rice, for example) I add water to the glass and turn the microwave on for 30 sec to warm the water. Then I put in whatever I’m making. The microwave gets steamy and warms things like rice and pasta beautifully.

Just don’t forget to remove the glass when making popcorn!

When your box of brown sugar is rock hard, instead of chipping it away with a knife, put it in the microwave for 30 seconds. It gets nice and soft and shakeable again.

I add seasoning to my flour when I make a roux most of the time. Started with garlic powder and smoked paprika when I made my roux for white cheddar mac and cheese. It really enhanced it, so I do it whenever I can.

I use mustard powder in my Mac n cheese, you are spot on with this.

Whenever I need to caramelize onions, I always add water to the pan and cover with a lid to steam the onions first. Eventually, the water cooks off and you're left with very soft onions, which saves you like 20 minutes for a big batch.

I use my fingers to center the yolk in a fried egg.

Dissolve your cinnamon in vanilla before adding eggs and milk to your batter for French toast. The cinnamon will incorporate so much better instead of just sitting on top of the mixture.

Get a big stack of stainless prep bowls and lots of kitchen towels. It makes it so much easier to keep organized as you cook.

I would add small ramekins and a small metal whisk. The tiny whisk is amazing for salad dressings and sauces.

This is such great advice! I treated myself to buying another batch of the kitchen towels I already had because they get wet, they get dirty, they get the status of "I don't remember what I wiped with that so it's laundry now!". No one wants to stop in the middle of a big cooking fest/meal prep session to do laundry!!!

I started buying plain white cotton bar cloths to use in the kitchen a few years ago. I have a basket under the sink for dirties. When I run out, I throw them all in their own load with bleach, and then I have pretty, white towels without stains.

Exactly, and I wash towels as a separate load anyhow so no need to be stingy about grabbing a fresh one.

Get a dollar store laundry basket for the dirties.

I read this looking at my last (somewhat) clean dish towel. I certainly need more. My wife got some pretty ones that fit our color scheme, but I’m color blind and don’t care about that. My problem is they are more water repellent than a freshly waxed car. I’m considering bathroom hand towels to make us both happy.

Do you wash them with softener? Softener makes them water repellant.

Bar towels- Come in giant packs, and are usually cheap. It’s not pretty or fancy, but those things could soak up a small flood if necessary! It ends up saving on paper towels in the long run, even with detergent and electric factored in. UNLESS you go to a laundromat, then buy the paper towels, lol.

This is great. I'm a home cook but have glass and plastic prep bowls. Can you elaborate on the stainless? I love to level up anytime I can.

They won't break, scratch, melt, or hold onto scents I'd say.

Label everything, deli containers, masking tape, sharpie, the date and what it is, no mystery containers.

Nice try BuzzFeed.

Lol so true, this is definitely going on buzzfeed.

Get a trash bowl.

I save the plastic bags you get when you buy produce, and use those as my “trash collector bags” while I cook. Then just chuck the bag in the actual trash!!

Bake your bacon. It's much more consistent, and there's less chance of splatter burns.

Any restaurant that serves bacon in large amounts is going to cook it this way.

Rimmed baking pan lined with parchment paper.

375°-400° for approximately 15-18 minutes, turn bacon and cook until desired crispness.

You can then use the parchment paper to carefully funnel your bacon grease into a proper container and store for use in other dishes. Beans, greens, soups, fried potatoes and onions....etc.

I can attest to this. This is how I cook my bacon. I use foil instead of parchment and I freeze the grease, just to be safe. Some people think it can be kept on the counter but I just don't trust that method of storage. I'm not a chef, I'm a home cook. I will often times cook bacon this way just to freeze for future meals, especially if its on sale!

I like to bake bacon on the weekend and pull it out a couple minutes shy of done. Then I'll throw it into a cold pan on a weekday morning. Once the pan is warm I've got a little grease to cook eggs in, and the bacon is crispy at the same time as the eggs finish.

Prep everything before you start cooking. Clean up as you go.

I get all the ingredients ready; just the containers out - to make sure I have everything.

Then start weighing out, chopping, etc.

Have a sink of hot, soapy water ready, and just wash / rinse things as you go.

The actual cooking part then becomes really easy; and the cleanup is half done when you finish cooking.

By the time I’ve plated it looks almost as if nobody was even cooking.

Learn to eat while standing, preferably with one hand so that you can continue to stir or flip pans. Teach yourself how to inhale a cigarette in one breath. Add more salt. And butter. Coffee in the morning/alcohol at night. Reverse this order as necessary.

This, is the only honest answer.

But he left a few things out.

Figure out the phrases for "behind you", nine mortal insults, and "service" in 3 languages. Learn to shit so fast it makes your knife skills at peak hour Christmas service look slow. Cope with the excessive cokeheads around you at all times. Possibly, by taking cocaine.

Learning how to utilize the same ingredients for many dishes to reduce waste. Using math to scale recipes up or down, converting volumes to weights and using a scale to use fewer dishes and improve consistency. Get a thermometer for cooking proteins and baking, learn the relationship between time, temperature and pasteurization to not overcook proteins. If you make soups, keep some umami boosting ingredients around like msg, mushroom powder, miso, soy sauce, seaweed powder, tomato powder, gochujang, fish sauce, marmite. Most important of all is learn as many techniques for cooking as possible, it will open up a lot of possibilities, don’t get bogged down with buying gadgets, you can do almost anything with a stainless pan, a nonstick pan, a dutch oven or pot and a chefs knife.

When asked, commercial chefs, used to big production kitchens, will tell you they designed their home kitchen to be small, with a very small cooking triangle.